Clarify baseline versioning (#427)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/users/versioning.md

### Baselines

> Baselines define a global version floor for what versions will be considered (unless specified elsewhere, the version associated with that baseline will be used). This enables top-level manifests to keep the entire graph of dependencies up-to-date without needing to individually specify direct [`"version>="`](#version-gte) constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Baselines define a global version floor for every port in a registry. In other words, ports have an implied constraint on the version associated with the baseline. This enables top-level manifests to keep the entire graph of dependencies up to date without needing to specify [`"version>="`](#version-gte) constraints for each dependency.
```
